Add a spec to test the client with GPT-4 (#252)
alexrudall/ruby-openai: README.md

Then update the version number in `version.rb`, update `CHANGELOG.md`, run `bundle install` to update Gemfile.lock, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Testing GPT-4

> Since GPT-4 isn't widely available yet, and this project aims to be as includsive as possible, specs that test GPT-4 models require an additinoal enviroment variable to be set. To test GPT-4 models simply set `GPT4=true` in your environment or on the command line like this: `GPT4=true bundle exec rspec`.

Reviewer: **suggestion (non-blocking):** 

```suggestion
Since GPT-4 isn't widely available yet, and this project aims to be as inclusive as possible, specs that test GPT-4 models require an additinoal environment variable to be set. To test GPT-4 models simply set `GPT4=true` in your environment or on the command line like this: `GPT4=true bundle exec rspec`.
```

> Since GPT-4 isn't widely available yet, and this project aims to be as includsive as possible, specs that test GPT-4 models require an additinoal enviroment variable to be set. To test GPT-4 models simply set `GPT4=true` in your environment or on the command line like this: `GPT4=true bundle exec rspec`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since GPT-4 isn't widely available as of July 2023, and this project aims to be as inclusive as possible, specs that test GPT-4 models will not run unless an environment variable is set. To test GPT-4 models, set `GPT4=true` in your environment or on the command line like this: `GPT4=true bundle exec rspec`.
```
